very good to all guys I hope that
be very
I am stupid
I want to share one thing
I give it
for me it made me
quickly with what is the 1st
the brightness forgiveness d
and the brightness of the automatic screen
activated disables
ok that consumes a lot of battery because it is
a sensor that we have on all the
time you are looking for the type of light
to balance the brightness of the screen
so
deactivate let's save
I really know why
I would not bring that advice
serve us
we just have to raise the
control center and how can you see
we have the first bar to modify
the brightness of our
it costs nothing to simply upload them and
you want more brightness rise they want
less brightness go down
automatic brightness is no longer going to
help a lot to life is battery
Another advice that I want to give you is
within what is configuration is
actually most are within
configurations
the first one let's start
with cellular data
the other cell phones
being connected to a wifi network
they really do not have any use but
if they consume a lot of
when I leave I leave my house
I raise control center
and I turn on the data
then when I arrived at my house he had
another version of wifi control and
Deactivated mobile data as they can
see I have them disabled
and that really helps a lot
This right now is right now
is at home with your wifi connected and
they have the cellular data
deactivate it and they will score as the
battery is discharged less quickly and
deactivating is optimal
if you have it activated
they will be able to notice here in this same
this same section what is a list
of the applications that occupy the internet
to be able to configure what
application they want it to work with
3g or 4g data
and I do not have
they simply deactivate you
in the game another application that you
do not occupy
we go now to what is the section of
the background updates the
background updates too
they consume a lot of battery because if you
they come to have heavy games or
heavy applications will not know or
when
update then you continue
using your device is going to
download faster we will go to what
which is general within the settings and
let's find the option from ios 7
update in the background if
we enter we can activate or
deactivate the full option and then
they will automatically be deactivated
all the options and if we activate it
we can deactivate the only one that we
interested the only ones in his case that
interest in my case I the only one that I use
it's climate
then if it is not enough simply
turn it off as you can see it does not give me anymore
the options if I activate it
scared active then that too
He spends a lot of battery and really I know what
I recommend
you also want to be aware
of what application we
we generate more use inside the battery
we can enter to use and
we have in the option this year is 8 of
use of the battery thus manage the
applications that are using us
more battery
then I whatsapp I occupy it quite
then as you can see is the
application that is generating me the most
battery spending what is whatsapp
I really can not tell you that there is not
moment I do not use whatsapp then
it really is a lot like you can see the
consumption generated by that application in
account
in the applications
especially the camera if you use the
camera though
pleased to be served these tips
Any big doubt do not know in the
comments if they have another with another
advice they want to share it for
please also the comments a little hand
up if they liked it or a little hand down
I'm Hector 25 and we'll see each other in a
next video